Ui /Ux
But more than likely it's going to be an application of some software, something that you're going to be building along those lines so. I guess this is a presentation where you introduce myself also. Do you want me to go through or just please go through
And again, once those terms, user experience known as ux user interface design, known as ui, like, let's keep those terms in mind when you're building something, right? Why? Why do we agree? Why do we build? Why do we develop? Why do we design the way we design? So always ask yourself those questions whenever you so far take it to the project to just kind of refocus yourself. Also, at times we get asked acknowledges where guilty of building or creating something just because we can't, right? And at times you have to remind yourself, what is the problem that you're really solving and how is that going to impact your client? All right, so user experience my definition, you can look it up with ux means what ui means. But my definition of ux is understanding the business needs, the user needs and the data so you can play retangible variables to obtain the desired results. Now that's a mop goal, but basically what you led to me means is you have. what your client needs your user. Well, I'm sorry. I'll take that back. Your client is not always going to be a user, right? What does that mean? So for example, I'm working for Uber The people that work at Uber. 0 oh, you're going to get the same question. I'll share these lights with you for a lower class of $5. I'll share a map here. Right That's your client and source digital marketing. And they asked me to make an improvement on their app. My client is not going to use the app. Their clients are going to use the app. So then I have to think how their customers interact. Does that make sense? Follow me there, right? So we have user needs. We have business needs. And then we have information, which is the data, right? So over, you know, over the last six months has been collecting data They see an issue and we utilize all that data to create a better user experience. That would all make sense, or it doesn't make sense now. It will make sense as we go forward. The ui user interface design. So this is the esthetics. And a lot of people would say like, oh, it's the stuff that looks pretty. But there's some research, some science behind it, right? The ui designers are in charge of layouts, are in charge of colors. What? What type of colors do I need for the application, the software that I'm building, the pollster that I'm designing? Right? What even in this case, I use yellow as kind of my my accent color for these slides, because apparently yellow keeps people engaged, right? So that's just a little bit of a small example of what a UI designer would do Again, typography, there's, believe it or not, certainly type of fonts make people do certain type of things. So getting to that granular detail is important when you're thinking about design, right? Here we see both ux. It's all about keyword here, wire frames, right? Interaction design. So think about in the context I'm and I'm just again putting the limb here, thinking about your project, right? I'll use the example. So for cycle 5150 250 one, I think we work with United, right? United Airlines. They were building an app, but there were field text. that were walking around with iPads But they would. We noticed that they were using them sideways and not landscaping portrait instead of landscape. So whenever we were building an app, we had to think about how. is your layout of your application? How's that going to affect whenever you flip that ipad to the side? Right. What? What are the primary features that I want versus if I'm just walking around with the iPad and with the landscape, it might have other features as the primary things that I want them to do. Does that make sense a little bit Are you sure So here's an example. The catcher bottom. Right. Everybody knows it. We made some restaurants places where that U. S. That catch a bottle. Right. Was beautifully designed as we know it. The classic glass bottle But then the experience is different, right? We're sticking a knife in there, making sure that that ketchup comes up. That's not questioned to the fact that he's putting catch up on pop up. Forget about that. All right, we're from Chicago. We're going to do that, but. it was, you know, when that violet was created, it was nice looking. They thought about the design, the hanging slow door, whatever logo was on there is played correctly. But when users got to use it, it created a user experience that was not desirable. I was like, I'm from Mexico. They told me not to do that here. So I followed an abstractions there in a different state. So all right, so what happened then? Right. So I talked about the data gathering you know, it gathered all that data. You saw that user experience was not ideal And this father came to the market plastic bottle. You're able to squeeze it. It's upside down. So it's already kind of set to go and then. the outcome is the experience that you want the user to have So you can always kind of go back and reference UI UX in this sense. So the UI usually happens after the UX research has been done right. You can only make improvements on what you know and the data that you collected. So that's why it could potentially get ever going cycle doesn't mean that it ever stops it can't stop but you have to look at your data always to know if the user experience is getting the experience that you want them to get. so there you have it ui when the first part of the private was first launched UX told us that we did not get the desired results based on data collection we improved on that design and then you ultimately get the user experience that you're looking for. All right, so let's talk a little bit here about what is UX and what is UI. Can somebody point out what the UX or what the UI is Yeah, go ahead. So to pass is its place where it is. So you could just walk straight through which is the UI UX UI. I mean it's 5050 here so it's the UI. Yes. So we're saying that this path here is a UI Does anybody think differently I think you guys the grass the circle grass going to be the UI because it looks like a nice grass and it comes into the keepers only so. Ui, I think it's a grass circular. It's supposed to they cats not supposed to be. Is this? Yeah. Supposed to be all grass. So that pant is there. I don't think you should do it. She's gonna be grass like a circle of grass. OK, this is like the plastic bottle. The like. Okay, okay. Museum. Alright. So you are on this part was designed. They thought it was nice to make that patch in the middle, and then the path to be pulled around, right But realistically, the people that, or maybe overtime, you know, it happens overtime. Maybe when they built that part, there were few houses in the area, not a lot of kids. Now there's kids, and they need to get to school. They need to get to the other side faster. So they're just running through there and creating their own experience, right? So that is the U. S that you're creating your own experience. So now what would you do next? I don't know what design you would do, but then again, the UI will now have data to say like, OK, people are not really using the Ranga. They're just going straight through So there was budget within the city or whatever deal will design something different. And then now they will create a path down the middle, right. Are those examples kind of landing into like what UI is what you access? Yes, no. Just some verbal cues. Come on. All right, cool. Alright. So quick exercise. Everybody built Mcdonald's. Everybody hates Mcdonalds. Some people might love my kids. Definitely love it. I don't So McDonald's in the 90s right? It looked like that red thing over there. Now you look at and that kind of looked a little scared, but now you have this sophisticated, depressed McDonald's at the bottom. Right. Less colors. But you know, again, everything is going into a minimalistic kind of design. like Nickelodeon. So I had these designers so nice. Well, I like the 90 design today. It does remind me of that. Now I think about anything that was disgusting ball pit. All right? Cause I'll. But I mean, when you were a kid, you would jump on there. They got a dark purple McDonald's too, right? Cosmics. They just opened dark purple, right? Yeah. Cosmic. Yeah, that's a little too All right. So what is the exercise here? Okay, so let's talk about. So this is McDonald's website in 2001 right? Let's talk about some UX importance. So what is this telling us? And what was your first reaction when you see this website from 2000? It's too cluttered. too small. Well, maybe it's small because it's an image, but yeah, it's crowded. The font size is probably not ideal. Yeah, that's it. The other reason here. Like, I just think that this is kind of weird. to get the facts. And it just looks like a different type of restroom that's been ever done. They had ads for me. Let's just get the facts. I'm assuming that that's like you would click there and get the facts about their food. But to me, it looks like another restaurant advertisement. So think about this. Right. In 2000 and one. What did the world look like Right. Anybody that had a website just wanted to be online instead of the yellow pages. So all you want is to have information. You just want it to be seen underway. There was no. There was no real goal outside of just say you wanted to be online Maybe some people wanted to get the facts. I guess. I don't know There's a lot of corporate links on your left hand side, right? It says corporate and then people's promise. Press releases, franchises, information. and then you can. I guess you can try to find where there's some McDonald's near you by that drop down. Select your country. I don't know. But that was the world then. Now, if you go to McDonald's today. it's a cleaner design again. Now it's a little bit pleasing to the eye Well, notice that the first thing that you have and you'll notice this with a lot of sense that want you to do something is your cta's your call to actions right your buttons. So at the very it's all white and what stands on at the top is order now right because now when you go to McDonald's Wendy's whatever restaurant the first thing that you see there or the call to action is to order now place an order look at our menu. This is what we have to offer now. Now there's a lot of There's a purpose to having a website. So having a an application. an application I you know they highlight the biggest thing that they highlight is one other deals 2246 free price now so just basically pushing the product because now they know that the consumer the user that's going to these websites that's what they're looking for. I'm not going to McDonald's the McDonald's app to look for their I don't know return on investment from 2015 I'm going. there's more than lengthy I'm going to try to find a McDonald's or buy some right again now the websites and the applications have a purpose. So that is it for the slides of the UI UX you know remember to always create with purpose and recreate with hesitation without hesitation because I like I said you're always going to be learning from the product that you built you're always going to be collecting data data is always important So make sure that you know whenever you need to recreate look at the data make a data based decision and then that way you'll be able to be effective in the product that you're pushing out. Does that make sense that everything makes sense questions